---
layout: post
title: Rum Cake
---

# Rum Cake
I like rum, and I love cake, so I figured why not put the two together? After some experimentation, this cake has finally achieved "Decadent" status -- it's incredibly moist and has a fabulous flavor. It's not overly rum-flavored, so don't worry about that. And since you use a spiced rum, it 
takes on a nice, rich flavor. We've taken this cake to several parties in the past, and it's always been a huge hit. The real trick is to stop at just one piece... 

## Ingredients for Cake
1. 1 pkg yellow cake mix - NO PUDDING IN THE MIX; try Duncan Hines
1. 1 pkg French vanilla instant pudding (last time I looked I had a really hard time finding French vanilla... you can use regular vanilla, too, and it works just fine)
1. 4 eggs
1. 1/4 cup cold water
1. 1/2 cup spiced rum (we like Captain Morgan's)
1. 1/2 cup vegetable oil
1. PAM or some other non-stick spray

## Ingredients for Glaze
1. 1/2 cup butter (1 stick)
1. 1/4 cup water
1. 1 cup sugar
1. 1/2 cup spiced rum

## Directions for Cake
1. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees and grease a bundt pan.
1. Mix all cake ingredients together until smooth and creamy with no lumps and pour into greased bundt pan. 
1. Bake for 45 minutes to an hour (it really depends on your oven and the kind of pan you have... my stoneware bundt pan only takes about 45-50 minutes, but a metal one sometimes takes longer). Test cake for doneness by pricking it near the center with a toothpick. You want it to come out clean.
1. Remove pan from oven and cool for 20 minutes before inverting pan and putting cake on whatever plate you intend to serve it from. 
1. Make the glaze (see directions below).
1. Gently prick the cake all over with a fork. 
1. Using a basting brush, "paint" as much of the glaze as you possibly can get absorbed all over the cake. 

## Directions for Glaze
1. Melt the butter in a medium-sized saucepan over fairly high heat, taking care not to burn the butter.
1. Stir in water and sugar.
1. Bring to a boil and boil for five minutes, stirring constantly. 
1. Remove from heat, cool slightly, and stir the rum in slowly. (I tend to do it in thirds.)
1. Apply to cake while still warm. 
