---
layout: post
title: Chocolate Mousse
---

# Chocolate Mousse
This recipe is very similar to my Aunt Nancy's Chocolate Pie, but it is creamier and you don't serve it in a graham cracker crust. It's fancy enough to be served in crystal goblets, yet cool enough to be served in ceramic
ramekins as well. You really can't go wrong with it!

## Ingredients 
1. 2 Tbsp butter 
1. 1/4 cup water
1. 8 oz semi-sweet chocolate morsels
1. 3 egg yolks
1. 1/4 cup water
1. 2 Tbsp sugar
1. 1 1/4 cup heavy cream, whipped with no sugar added

## Directions
1. Heat the butter, 1/4 cup water and chocolate together in a double-boiler until the chocolate is completely melted and everything is mixed together and smooth. Set aside for ten minutes to cool.
1. In another saucepan, whisk the egg yolks, sugar and 1/4 cup of water together over medium-low head for about two minutes, taking care not to overcook your eggs. (Make sure you whisk the whole time!)
1. Add the chocolate to the egg mixture and whisk together for about a minute, making sure you get everything completely mixed together. 
1. Set the saucepan in an ice bath and stir until cooled, about ten minutes. 
1. GENTLY fold in the whipped cream until you don't see any more streaks of white or brown. (Basically you want it all to be one color.)
1. Carefully spoon the mixture into whatever dessert dishes you plan to use and refrigerate overnight. 
1. When you're ready to eat dessert, garnish with whipped topping and fresh berries. I recommend making your own whipped topping by whipping a cup and a half of heavy cream with two teaspoons of sugar. Store-bought 
whipped toppings are frequently very sweet, and the mousse is already very sweet on its own. I found that a VERY lightly sweetened whipped topping with fresh berries complemented the sweet chocolate very nicely. 